README.md, before:

# .

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Vue (Official)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Recommended Browser Setup

- Chromium-based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Brave, etc.):
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd) 
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Chrome DevTools](http://bit.ly/object-formatters)
- Firefox:
  - [Vue.js devtools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vue-js-devtools/)
  - [Turn on Custom Object Formatter in Firefox DevTools](https://fxdx.dev/firefox-devtools-custom-object-formatters/)

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Revise README for blog frontend project
Updated README to provide a clearer overview and features of the blog frontend project

README.md, after:

# 📰 Blog Frontend

A modern and responsive blog frontend built with **Vue 3**, **Pinia**, and **PrimeVue**.  
This project provides a clean and intuitive interface for browsing and reading blog posts.

---

## ✨ Overview

The blog frontend is designed to deliver a smooth user experience with fast loading times and a minimalist UI.  
It supports light and dark themes, interactive components, and an adaptive layout that works across all devices.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Vue 3** — Progressive JavaScript framework for building user interfaces  
- **Pinia** — State management for Vue applications  
- **PrimeVue** — Rich UI component library for Vue  
- **Vite** — Fast and modern build tool  

---

## 🎨 Features

- 🧭 Simple and clean blog interface  
- 🌙 Light/Dark theme support  
- ⚡ Fast and reactive UI  
- 📱 Fully responsive design  
- 🧩 Reusable Vue components  
- 🗂️ Organized and scalable architecture  

---

⭐ *If you like this project, don’t forget to star the repository!*
